# Boilerplate-Generator

- Steps to add a new autogenerated class
1. Create a new class that inherits "BaseGenericGeneratorModel" (eg. EntityRepositoryInterfaceGeneratorModel.cs). Make sure that your class ends with "GeneratorModel", to match the naming guidelines for the other models.
2. Set the Kind property to a new enum value (eg. EntityRepositoryInterface), that needs to be added to AssetKind enum.
3. Go to "MetadataGenerationService" and add two new entries:
    * AssetToCompilationUnitNameMapping (what is the name of the generated asset?). 
    eg. `{ AssetKind.EntityRepositoryInterface, $"{CommonTokens.I}{BaseEntityPluralizedName}{CommonTokens.Repository}" }`
    * AssetToNamespaceMapping (what is the containing namespace?):
    eg. `{
                AssetKind.EntityRepositoryInterface,
                new NamespaceDefinitionModel
                {
                    Content = $"{NamespaceTokens.Domain}.{NamespaceTokens.Repositories}",
                }
            }`
4. Override UsingsBuilder and include all the required usings.
5. Override CompilationUnitDefinition to:
* Set Type (choose between class or interface generation);
* Set Access Modifier (eg: public, internal)
* Set Class Attributes
* Set Inheritance Types;
eg: `public override CompilationUnitDefinitionModel CompilationUnitDefinition => new CompilationUnitDefinitionModel
        {
            Type = SyntaxKind.InterfaceDeclaration,
            DefinedInheritanceTypes = new string[]
            {
                $"{CommonTokens.IBaseRepository}<{_viewModelBase.EntityTree.PrimaryEntityName()}>"
            }
        };`


